Jack Ma
---the man who is founder, chairman and chief executive officer of Alibaba Group
Jack Ma is founder, chairman and chief executive officer of Alibaba Group and chairman of Alibaba.com, the Hong Kong-listed unit of Alibaba Group.
Early life
Ma was born in the city of Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, China. Ma attended Hangzhou Teachers College and graduated in 1988 with a bachelor's degree in English. Ma initially failed the entrance exam twice. While at the school, Ma was elected student chairman. He later became a lecturer in English and International Trade at the Hangzhou Dianzi University. Ma first started building websites for Chinese companies with the help of friends in the US. Ma has commented that "The day we got connected to the Web, I invited friends and TV people over to my house," and on a very slow dial-up connection, "we waited three and a half hours and got half a page.... We drank, watched TV and played cards, waiting. But I was so proud. I proved (to my house guests that) the Internet existed“
Career
In 1995, Ma founded China Pages, widely believed to be China’s first Internet-based company. From 1998 to 1999, Ma headed an information technology company established by the China International Electronic Commerce Center, a department of Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation. He founded Alibaba.com in 1999, a China-based business-to-business marketplace site which serves more than 65 million members from more than 240 countries and territories. Ma now serves as chairman and CEO of Alibaba Group, which is a holding company with four major subsidiaries – Alibaba.com, Taobao, Alibaba Cloud Computing and China Yahoo!.




1964年9月10日出生于浙江省杭州市，马云的爷爷抗战时做过保长，解放后被划为“黑五类”，取名为“马云”，就是希望马云以后乖巧懂事，少惹是非。12岁时，马云买了台袖珍收音机，从此每天听英文广播，对英语开始感兴趣，13岁起，马云因为打架记过太多，曾被迫转学到杭州八中。之后马云参加中考，考了两年才考上一所极其普通的高中，其中一次数学只得了31分。


马云（Jack Ma，1964年9月10日-），中国企业家，出生于浙江杭州，毕业于杭州师范大学，现任联合国数字合作高级别小组联合主席，阿里巴巴集团董事会成员，曾为亚洲首富，阿里巴巴集团董事局主席。他是中国黄页、淘宝网、支付宝的创始人，最早的数字经济引领人之一，开拓了领先全球的B2B业务以及电商服务与网购的新形势。2019年获福布斯终身成就奖。